# Purpose

This repository contains scripts for reproducing the experiments presented in the paper "Reasoning over Events with Delayed Effects", which is currently under review.

# Organisation

- /systems: Source code and/or executables for the systems used in the experimental comparison.
- /datasets: The datasets used in the experiments. Note that some of the datasets are *not* packed with the repository, due to their size. For these datasets, we provide external download links (see, e.g., datasets/maritime/brest/download_dataset.log). The maritime dataset including vessels sailing in all European seas is not publicly available.
- /logs: Log files generated by system executions.
- /scripts: Bash scripts for reproducing the experiments in the paper. We provide the following scripts:
	* run_naive_comparison.sh: Runs RTEC-> and RTEC->-naive on example event narrative for voting and netbill, with an increasing window size (see Figure 3 of the paper).
	* run_voting_fragment.sh: Given a small fragment of the event description of voting, we run RTEC->, s(CASP) and jRECfi on small event narratives of increasing size (see Figure 4 (left) of the paper).
	* run_feedback_loops.sh: Runs RTEC-> and GKL-EC on the immune response and phage infection feedback loops along timelines of increasing size (see Figure 4 (middle and right)).
	* run_quote_small.sh: Given the quote definition (without fi) of NetBill, we run RTEC->, s(CASP), Ticker, Fusemate, Logica, jRECfi and jRECrbt on small event narratives of increasing size (see Figure 5 (left)).
	* run_quote_large.sh: Given the aforementioned quote definition, we run RTEC-> and jRECrby on event narratives including thousands of events and of increasing size (see Figure 5 (right)).
	* run_maritime_no_fi.sh: Given an event description of the maritime domain without fi facts, we run RTEC-> and RTEC on the dataset of Brest, using windows of increasing size (see Figure 6 (left)).
	* run_maritime_with_fi.sh: Given an event description of the maritime domain with fi facts, we run RTEC-> on the dataset of Brest, using windows of increasing size (see Figure 6 (middle)).
